Feature/maxitens links (#346)
vtex-apps/search-result: docs/README.md

| Prop name | Type                      | Description                                                                                       | Default value |
| --------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `layout`  | `Enum` | Whether the Filter Navigator layout should be responsive (`responsive`) or not (`desktop`). You may use `desktop` when the Filter Navigator was configured to be displayed in a [drawer](https://vtex.io/docs/components/content-blocks/vtex.store-drawer@0.9.0). | `responsive`  |

> | `maxItemsDepartment` | `numeric`                 | The maximum number of departments to be displayed before a See more button be triggered.          | 8             |
> | `maxItemsCategory`   | `numeric`                 | The maximum number of categories items to be displayed before a See more button be triggered.     | 8             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `maxItemsDepartment` | `number`                 | Maximum number of departments to be displayed before the See More button is triggered.          | `8`             |
| `maxItemsCategory`   | `number`                 | Maximum number of category items to be displayed before the See More button is triggered.     | `8`             |
```
